[ $Id: README,v 1.14 2004/07/01 13:57:52 flovergine Exp $ ]

Yet Another Radius Daemon (YARD RADIUS) README File
---------------------------------------------------

This program is a RADIUS RFC-compliant daemon, which is derived from
original Livingston Enterprise Inc. (now Lucent Inc.) RADIUS daemon 
release 2.1. It adds a number of useful features to the LE daemon, i.e.

	Control of simultaneous logins.
	Support of Ascend, Cisco and USR boxes.
	Extended daily/monthly/yearly accouting information on a per-user basis.
	MD5 encrypted passwords support (both in passwd file and/or users file).
	Expirations in shadow file.
	Checking based on time-of-day, traffic and connection time.
	Support of PAM authentication and accounting.
	Binary form of accounting file.
	GDBM formats for users and user stats databases.
	Autoconfiguring capabilities of sources. 

It supports also all features of Lucent daemon, i.e.:

	Proxy RADIUS
	ActivCarda and iPass Support
	Accounting Signatures Now Required
	Vendor	Specific Attributes
	Virtual Ports
	Alternate Password File
	Address Binding
	Improved Messages
	Enhanced Debugging

All sources are much cleaner than the original versions, and
require an ANSI C compiler. A lots of potential buffer overflows have
been corrected by means of massive use of snprintf().

Directory content is:

BUGS			Some notes about possible bugs and how you can 
			submit bug reports.
README			This file.
README.LUCENT   	The original Lucent README file.
ChangeLog		Brief description of changes to the sources.
TODO			My personal to-do list for future releases.
CREDITS			File of credits.
INSTALL			Description of the installation procedure.
LICENSE			License of agreement file for YARD RADIUS.
LICENSE.LUCENT		Original License of agreement file from Lucent.
PGP-KEY			My public key generated with GnuPG.
configure		Autoconfiguring script

acconfig.h		All files used by GNU autoconf/automake
aclocal.m4
config.cache
config.guess
config.h.in
config.sub
configure
configure.in
shtool
install-sh
Makefile.am
Makefile.in
missing
mkinstalldirs
changeprefix
stamp-h.in
VERSION			Contains the release number

src/			Sources of YARD RADIUS programs.
doc/			Documentation of RADIUS protocol and YARD RADIUS (not
			complete).
pam/			Example of a PAM module for accounting.
conf/			Example of YARD RADIUS database and other stuff.
logs/			For installing.
include/		C Header files of the programs. 
man/			Man pages of all programs and extensions.

All software is under a BSD-like license. See LICENSE file for more
information. This is also the original license of Lucent Inc.

Please consult the INSTALL file and man pages to get
basic information about how you can build and use YARD RADIUS.

Home page: http://www.yardradius.org

YARD RADIUS project: https://sourceforge.net/projects/yardradius/

Mailing list: yardradius-users@lists.sourceforge.net

YARD Radius is also currently included in the current 
distribution of Debian GNU/Linux 3.0 (codename woody) or later version. 
I'm currently the maintainer of that stuff (and other pkgs) in the Debian Project.
The same deb package could also distributed on SF, but generally Debian files
are more up-to-date (for packaging, not functionalities). 
